These projects are the most stand out and memorable for their unique challenges and impressions that they left on me during my time at St. Thomas

https://github.com/sietre/camerapong
This project was a challenge to my artistic ability and research ability for a barely documented JavaScript library. I learned to implement my love of video games in a creative manner that I am not used to. Pong is a simple game and was not too difficult to code with the keyboard outside of a few edge cases where the paddle and ball move to certain parts of the canvas. The handsfree library on the other hand took a lot of work to get running and consistently tracking and implementing into the game so that it would not break or move so fast that the user would miss the ball. I am pretty proud of the result, even if not fully optimal considering the work that had to go in to the process.

https://github.com/sietre/3d-shapes
Simulating 3D shapes requires many calculations and matrix multiplication. The code required just about everything to be calculated. The model has to be put onto an imaginary plane and converted to the actual plane the user can see. Each vertex of the model and connecting lines, the rotations, the position of the canvas, etc. The theory and implementation of this code took a lot of testing and visual real world modeling to understand how the camera and model works. Circles and spheres have got to be the worst models to ever be created.

https://github.com/sietre/blockchainsim
My simulated blockchain project was a surprisingly simple project. The name makes it sound very intimidating and daunting to attempt. The project itself was very helpful for teaching the basics of how a blockchain works. With the sudden rise of crypto currencies in the world, code like this could be useful to teach others about safe habits and the dangers of losing your secret keys or not validating transactions. This would be useful for the common good as crypto may become more prevalent as time goes on and we'd need safety training and other measures so that people do not lose money in an online storage system where it cannot be recovered or reported as one can with fiat money. Code like this could provide an easy practice environment that helps the public safely navigate the new monetary frontier ahead of the world.
